Document Kubernetes' use of WebSockets (replacement for SPDY / KEP 4006) (#43620)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  This feature gate guards *a group* of topology manager options whose quality level is beta.
  This feature gate will never graduate to stable.
- `TopologyManagerPolicyOptions`: Allow fine-tuning of topology manager policies,

> - `TranslateStreamCloseWebsocketRequests`: Allow websocket streaming of the remotecommand subprotocol (exec, cp, attach) from clients requesting version five (v5) of the subprotocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TranslateStreamCloseWebsocketRequests`: Allow WebSocket streaming of the
  remote command sub-protocol (`exec`, `cp`, `attach`) from clients requesting
  version 5 (v5) of the sub-protocol.
```
